
*** LOCAL GEMS ***

actionmailer (1.3.3)
    Service layer for easy email delivery and testing.

actionpack (1.13.3)
    Web-flow and rendering framework putting the VC in MVC.

actionwebservice (1.2.3)
    Web service support for Action Pack.

activerecord (1.15.3)
    Implements the ActiveRecord pattern for ORM.

activesupport (1.4.2)
    Support and utility classes used by the Rails framework.

capistrano (1.4.1)
    Capistrano is a framework and utility for executing commands in
    parallel on multiple remote machines, via SSH. The primary goal is
    to simplify and automate the deployment of web applications.

cgi_multipart_eof_fix (2.1)
    Fix an exploitable bug in CGI multipart parsing which affects Ruby
    <= 1.8.5 when multipart boundary attribute contains a non-halting
    regular expression string.

daemons (1.0.6)
    A toolkit to create and control daemons in different ways

fastthread (1.0)
    Optimized replacement for thread.rb primitives

gem_plugin (0.2.2)
    A plugin system based only on rubygems that uses dependencies only

mongrel (1.0.1)
    A small fast HTTP library and server that runs Rails, Camping, Nitro
    and Iowa apps.

mongrel_cluster (0.2.1)
    Mongrel plugin that provides commands and Capistrano tasks for
    managing multiple Mongrel processes.

needle (1.3.0)
    Needle is a Dependency Injection/Inversion of Control container for
    Ruby. It supports both type-2 (setter) and type-3 (constructor)
    injection. It takes advantage of the dynamic nature of Ruby to
    provide a rich and flexible approach to injecting dependencies.

net-sftp (1.1.0)
    Net::SFTP is a pure-Ruby implementation of the SFTP client protocol.

net-ssh (1.1.1)
    Net::SSH is a pure-Ruby implementation of the SSH2 client protocol.

rails (1.2.3)
    Web-application framework with template engine, control-flow layer,
    and ORM.

rake (0.7.3)
    Ruby based make-like utility.

rcov (0.8.0.2)
    Code coverage analysis tool for Ruby

sources (0.0.1)
    This package provides download sources for remote gem installation

SQS (0.1.3)
    A Ruby interface to Amazon's Simple Queue Service

starfish (1.2.1)
    Starfish is a utility to make distributed programming ridiculously
    easy.

termios (0.9.4)
    Termios module are simple wrapper for termios(3). It can be included
    into IO-family classes and can extend IO-family objects. In
    addition, the methods can use as module function.